README.md, before:

# Cassandra Frances

**Development in progress - http://axelboc.github.io/website-cass/**

**Portfolio website** of Melbournian Young Adult fiction writer [Cassandra Frances](https://twitter.com/CassandraFrance).

- Built from scratch with [Flexbox](http://www.w3.org/TR/css-flexbox-1/), [Brunch](http://brunch.io/), [PostCSS](https://github.com/postcss/postcss), [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer), [Handlebars](http://handlebarsjs.com/) and [JotForm](http://www.jotform.com)
- The hero image, picturing the Charles Bridge in Prague, was found on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&keyword=prague).
- The book covers come straight from [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/).

## Remaining work
- Write missing content (foreword, qualifications, works, LinkedIn URL, portrait, missing book cover
- Edit and proofread content
- Implement smooth scroll for *more* button on homepage
- Deal with book covers of different heights on *Nictophylia* page
- Add a design touch to the highlight buttons on the homepage (e.g. a subtle background image and animation matching the genre of the work)
- Use URL rewriting to remove the `html` extension
- Deal with performance (hero image sizes, minification, caching)
- Cross-browser/device testing
- Analytics and SEO (meta descriptions, Google Webmaster Tools, etc.)

Commit message:

smooth scroll when pressing *more* button

README.md, after:

# Cassandra Frances

**Development in progress - http://axelboc.github.io/website-cass/**

**Portfolio website** of Melbournian Young Adult fiction writer [Cassandra Frances](https://twitter.com/CassandraFrance).

- Built from scratch with [Flexbox](http://www.w3.org/TR/css-flexbox-1/), [Brunch](http://brunch.io/), [PostCSS](https://github.com/postcss/postcss), [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer), [Handlebars](http://handlebarsjs.com/) and [JotForm](http://www.jotform.com)
- The hero image, picturing the Charles Bridge in Prague, was found on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&keyword=prague).
- The book covers come straight from [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/).

## Remaining work
- Write missing content and improve existing content (foreword, qualifications, descriptions and images of works, LinkedIn URL, portrait, missing book cover, book reviews, etc.)
- Edit and proofread content
- Deal with book covers of different heights on *Nictophylia* page
- Add a design touch to the highlight buttons on the homepage (e.g. a subtle background image and animation matching the genre of the work)
- Use URL rewriting to remove the `html` extension
- Deal with performance (hero image sizes, minification, caching)
- Cross-browser/device testing
- Analytics and SEO (meta descriptions, Google Webmaster Tools, etc.)
